README.md, before:

# User Forum Frontend Application

## Description

Built using Vite, React, JavaScript, and SWC for rapid development and compilation. It features user authentication, post interactions, and content management, ensuring a dynamic and engaging user experience.

## Features

- User Authentication (Login/Registration)
- Post Creation
- Commenting on Posts
- Edit/Delete Posts and Comments

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- Node.js (LTS version)
- npm (as your package manager)
- Git (for cloning and contributing to the repository)

## Setup and Running the App

To get the project up and running on your machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/pranjalnadhani/user-forum-frontend.git
   cd user-forum-frontend
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Variables**

   Duplicate the `.env.example` file and rename it to `.env`. Fill in the required environment variables.

4. **Start the development server**

   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

   The output of this command would contain instructions on how to view the webpages.

5. **Build for production (optional)**

   If you want to build the app for production, run:

   ```sh
   npm run build
   ```

6. **Preview the production build (optional)**

   To preview the production build, use:

   ```sh
   npm run preview
   ```

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions. To do so:

1. **Fork the Project**

   Create your own fork of the project.

2. **Create your Feature Branch**

   ```sh
   git checkout -b feature/YourFeature
   ```

3. **Commit your Changes**

   ```sh
   git commit -m 'Add some YourFeature'
   ```

4. **Push to the Branch**

   ```sh
   git push origin feature/YourFeature
   ```

5. **Open a Pull Request**

   Go to the original repository and open a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

## Reporting Issues

If you find any bugs or have a feature request, please report them using the [Issues](https://github.com/pranjalnadhani/user-forum-frontend/issues) section of the GitHub repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the `LICENSE` file in the repository for details.

Commit message:

docs(readme): add WIP warning

README.md, after:

# User Forum Frontend Application

## Description

Built using Vite, React, JavaScript, and SWC for rapid development and compilation. It features user authentication, post interactions, and content management, ensuring a dynamic and engaging user experience.

Warning: This is a work in progress, not all of the features are in a complete working stage.

## Features

- User Authentication (Login/Registration)
- Post Creation
- Commenting on Posts
- Edit/Delete Posts and Comments

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- Node.js (LTS version)
- npm (as your package manager)
- Git (for cloning and contributing to the repository)

## Setup and Running the App

To get the project up and running on your machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/pranjalnadhani/user-forum-frontend.git
   cd user-forum-frontend
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Variables**

   Duplicate the `.env.example` file and rename it to `.env`. Fill in the required environment variables.

4. **Start the development server**

   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

   The output of this command would contain instructions on how to view the webpages.

5. **Build for production (optional)**

   If you want to build the app for production, run:

   ```sh
   npm run build
   ```

6. **Preview the production build (optional)**

   To preview the production build, use:

   ```sh
   npm run preview
   ```

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions. To do so:

1. **Fork the Project**

   Create your own fork of the project.

2. **Create your Feature Branch**

   ```sh
   git checkout -b feature/YourFeature
   ```

3. **Commit your Changes**

   ```sh
   git commit -m 'Add some YourFeature'
   ```

4. **Push to the Branch**

   ```sh
   git push origin feature/YourFeature
   ```

5. **Open a Pull Request**

   Go to the original repository and open a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

## Reporting Issues

If you find any bugs or have a feature request, please report them using the [Issues](https://github.com/pranjalnadhani/user-forum-frontend/issues) section of the GitHub repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the `LICENSE` file in the repository for details.
